#### Installation

* **1** Xcode.app might auto generate files in the background during the export process, and obviously codesigndoc can only collect those files after the files are available on your Mac. This means that you should first Archive the project in Xcode.app, Export it for the distribution type you want to use (Ad Hoc, App Store or Enterprise), and run codesigndoc after you have the .ipa file generated by Xcode.app. This way codesigndoc can collect all the code signing files required for that type of distribution. In the end export process xcode will show distribution certificate and provision profile that was used for signing.
* **2** To run codesigndoc and get provision and sertificate: `bash -l -c "$(curl -sfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bitrise-tools/codesigndoc/master/_scripts/install_wrap-xcode.sh)"`.
* **3** If you use Xcode automatic code signing, the generated IPA by default will be a development signed IPA. If you use Manual code signing, the default code signing type will be what you set in your Xcode project for the Scheme/Configuration.

To specify a distribution code signing type: select the Xcode Archive for iOS (or in case of a Mac app, the Xcode Archive for Mac) step in the app's Workflow Editor, set the Select method for export input of the step to the type of code signing you want to use (app-store, ad-hoc, enterprise, ...), save the Workflow, and start a new build. Xcode will auto select the right signing files based on your project's Bundle ID and Team ID settings, and the Export Method you set.

If you want to sign the IPA with a different team's code signing files (e.g. if you use your company's code signing for internal builds, but your client's code signing files for App Store distribution), all you have to do is to set the The Developer Portal team to use for this export option as well (in addition to the Select method for export).

#### Help Links

* **1** `http://devcenter.bitrise.io/ios/code-signing-technical-details/`
* **2** `http://devcenter.bitrise.io/ios/code-signing/`.
